a country with invaluable natural wealth and it is repeated with the case is for
excellence
a paradisiacal tourist destination
from north to south offers would anticipate native seeds for those seeking
delight and rest in a land date to live and enjoy
the coffee triangle
as it is already known the geographical territory included by the
ica departments
sting cleaning baghdad is one of the main responsible for the doctor the
positioning that Colombian tourism
has been registering in international markets
The Quindío has become the main tourist destination
domestic and foreign
this department exc one of the theme parks
it was montenegro
where he was born on January 1
the national coffee park
In a pleasant journey, visitors stroll through the history of our coffee
recreated gracefully
in four thousand meters of tranquility
pax
and nature
the thematic offer continues in that impact
greets tourists with the most varied agricultural culture
a tour of the park enough
to understand his philosophy
without field
juan silva
we also find the botanical garden with the largest csi vision
of butterflies
in a natural environment
cozy and alive like the cocora valley
cradle of the national tree
the wax palms of Quindío and for extreme fun
the emotion is part of the pleasure of the visitors
in a crowded of the people who come to our region had done
surveyors group
has arranged for own and visitors
modern facilities the country hotel and convention center the
helicopters in the municipality of quimbaya
and the hotel to pilots and convention center
in the theme
the hotel is the ico has 95 room
its design represents a magical symphony
between its three destinations
old coverage
Colombia warned
as a convention center
the largest of the
with capacity for 1,200 people
in its auditoriums it offers all audiovisual aids
air conditioner
and raise mediapro
Necessary conditions for any type of event
guests have at their disposal the typical tip the corner of the
memories
the emperor's cane international restaurant
disco disco
the aesthetic center session pop
the fast food kiosk
and the 1 board where you will find Turkish and you can also recreate
in the pool of adults and children in granadilla family atmosphere for the
moments of prayer and meditation in what the heliconias has
of the chapel san andrés
for corrupt companies and national or foreign families had made
he suspended his cross
offers incomparable voice place
the country hotel heart diseases
in an exemption of 72 thousand square meters
gather the comforts of the modern world an environment see you
overwhelmed by the whisper of the birds
Guaduales and coffee camps
10 minutes from the airport el ere
in the service of 73 comfortable rooms
with its design antibodies tico
the different meeting points like the restaurant are magically mixed
Felix
the typical inn
the fast food kiosk zatacas the pool for adults and children
yakushin the pool
equally multiple sports spaces including will impart in
direct the track where you can make piqué
quarter of a mile
and landings of lydia culture
for large meetings and conventions
it has the lounge to the karama
with capacity for 400 people allows you to be divided into two rooms
and the turkey hall
have done
it comes up and dark
believes that the Quindío is the just deserving of recognition as the first
rural and ecotourism destination of the country
for that reason he is pleased to offer simply